feat!: drop eslint < 8 & Node.js < 18 (#238)
eslint/eslint-plugin-markdown: README.md

#### Strict Mode

`"use strict"` directives in every code block would be annoying.
The `markdown.configs.recommended` config enables the [`impliedStrict` parser option](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#specifying-parser-options) and disables the [`strict` rule](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/strict) in Markdown files.
This opts into strict mode parsing without repeated `"use strict"` directives.

#### Unsatisfiable Rules

Markdown code blocks are not real files, so ESLint's file-format rules do not apply.
The `markdown.configs.recommended` config disables these rules in Markdown files:

- [`eol-last`](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/eol-last): The Markdown parser trims trailing newlines from code blocks.
- [`unicode-bom`](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/unicode-bom): Markdown code blocks do not have Unicode Byte Order Marks.

### Running

If you are using an `eslint.config.js` file, then you can run ESLint as usual and it will pick up file patterns in your config file. The `--ext` option is not available when using flat config.

> If you are using an `.eslintrc.*` file, then you can run ESLint as usual and it will work as in ESLint v7.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using an `.eslintrc.*` file, then you can run ESLint as usual and it will pick up file extensions specified in `overrides[].files` patterns in config files.
```

Since we're removing the `ESLint v7` section below, it seems better to copy the explanation here than to refer to v7 behavior.

```
````

> Unless a fenced code block's syntax appears as a file extension in `overrides[].files` in ESLint v8, it will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless a fenced code block's syntax appears as a file extension in file patterns in your config file, it will be ignored.
```
